before becoming a journalist in his new
book rearview mirror he takes a critical
look at the FBI under J Edgar Hoover and
at the CIA over the last 50 years
mr Turner talks about his time at the
FBI and his research for the book means
50 minutes
my you're well behaved good evening
I'm you lame Petrocelli and along with
my colleague ginger goo Molly Hudson
we're really happy to welcome you
tonight to book passage and also to
c-span for book TV because we are on
book TV tonight when it comes time to
answer questions mr. turner will call on
people but it may take a minute or two
for the man with the c-span mic to get
to you so they'll give a couple of
seconds before he can answer I know that
that'll work out really well so I know
that you've all gone out and had your
hair done and we're all ready I'm really
happy to be the one to introduce mr
Turner
tonight I have read his articles over
the years and I am amazed at this book a
lot of you know about him but I want to
tell you a little bit he joined the FBI
in 1951 and he was a stellar FBI agent
who went to all of the schools to learn
how to break and enter and to destroy
your privacy he he received many
accolades from the then highly admired J
Edgar Hoover but in time he became quite
disenchanted with mr. Hoover and the way
that the FBI was run and he turned in
his service revolver for a typewriter
and became a great investigative
journalist I believe it is because of
William Turner that the FBI now requires
that you sign something and I think the
CIA to saying you will never say another
word without their approval as a
journalist he worked to ferret out the
truth and shoot down the myths
he has exposed malfeasance in our
government in the CIA in the FBI
in some of the most important myths and
lies of our time the Kennedy
assassination and by the way when he was
doing his investigative work on the
Kennedy assassination the Hoover FBI put
more people on watching William Turner
that I'm trying to figure out who had
killed JFK the Robert Kennedy killings
the King killings and when you read this
book you will find new and shocking
information information about Charles
DeGaulle trying to make sure that JFK
got elected operation chaos with the
farmworkers and Cesar Chavez where
everything was being done to discredit
him in them the operations in Cuba even
to the Elian Gonzalez case and to our
current administration his information
is detailed it is important there will
be people who don't like the book and I
loved it so I cannot tell you how much
fun it is to read rear view mirror
looking back at the FBI the CIA and
other tales ta ta
ILS but more important than that history
will look at this book as an important
chronicle of what really happened in the
last part of the 20th century and the
beginning of the 21st
it shows how abuse the manipulation of
in the past affect the present and it is
very important so I am proud to welcome
William Turner to book passage tonight
[Applause]
thanks Elaine for your very generous
introduction and I hope that the book
lives up to the expectations that you
raised for it and thank you all for
coming tonight and thank you Elaine for
inviting me to book passage I get some
illustrations here I'll be using later
a few weeks ago I was on with Phil
Matier on television and we were
discussing the FBI and I told his
producer beforehand I can't talk as fast
as Phil she said nobody can so if I
don't talk that fast I hope you'll
understand that I met Phil Matier the
book actually is a cautionary tale in
that all of the events described about
the intelligence mafia in the United
States come together to sound a warning
to this day the book is divided into 13
chapters and I can talk to a thumbnail
sketch of each one the first chapter is
my abortive career as an FBI agent I
came in all bushy-tailed thinking that
the FBI was the greatest law-enforcement
organization in the world
and I left this illusion that it wasn't
the problem was the Red Scare in those
days Hoover was making a big fuss about
communists you USA and ignoring
organized crime because some of his
buddies were mobbed up and when I made
an issue of this inside the FBI I became
the first whistleblower I wrote to
Congress poking the tiger from inside
the cage asking for a congressional
investigation of the FBI well 40 years
later there may be one
in the mean time I saw that the Bureau
was developing willy-nilly by its own
lights
Congress did not have a firm hand on the
steering wheel
it was driving practically no-handed the
FBI did what it wanted so did the CIA
and that's what we have today the
blunder after blunder after blunder and
they're not doing their job
so my recommendation was 30 years ago
and a persist to this day that they do
more extreme psychological testing to
get a better grade of agent in there and
that they separate or spin off the
espionage and counter espionage
responsibilities into a separate agency
that recruits more sophisticated more
cosmopolitan people for the very slow
nuanced investigations that we're
talking about when we're talking counter
espionage and espionage the second
chapter is Oswald and the JFK story the
big story when John Kennedy was
assassinated in Dallas on November 22nd
1963 the national magazine saga was
doing a profile on me as the FBI's first
whistleblower and the editors changed
the assignment and had me go running
down to Dallas as fast as possible
to cover the assassination from the
standpoint of the breakdown in security
and what I found was that ten days
before the assassination FBI agents had
talked to Lee Harvey Oswald the Warren
Commission said this came under the
heading of rumors and was
unsubstantiated but in fact they did and
in fact I also found out from an FBI
source that the FBI had been running
Oswald
as a potential security informative psi
which meant that he was under FBI
control at the time of the assassination
and accounted for the fact that the FBI
did not turn over his name to the Secret
Service which had primary responsibility
for a presidential protection the thing
that I was what was informing on was a
Neutrality Act the gun-running there for
a second Bay of Pigs invasion of Cuba
about which more I will talk in the
another chapter but at any rate as well
as an FBI informant throws a whole new
light on his role on the assassination
chapter three bugs and black bags my
favorite anecdotes are lodged in this
chapter the FBI conducted lawless law
enforcement the wiretaps were approved
but by the Attorney General but the bugs
were not and believe me they were
promiscuous the black bag jobs I was
trained in burglary called surreptitious
entry added a sound school which was not
exactly a finishing school the
instructor whose name was George Burley
taught me everything about breaking and
entering in order to photograph
documents steal documents and gather
evidence and intelligence and these were
also uncontrolled by the Attorney
General the black bag jobs were not
known to the Attorney General's they
were a lawless and they were run on the
Hoover's Authority only I remember being
in the basement of a house after having
picked a lock and got in to plant a bug
and hearing footsteps in the floors
above me
and I cringed and wondered if those
footsteps would come down to the
basement stairs and I decided what to do
I'd had no identification as an FBI
agent and I was supposed to deny that I
was with the FBI if I was caught so
there was a consensus among those of us
who did the black bag jobs that we would
simply act like burglars and knock out
that whoever intruded upon us I think I
got a dose of what all this was about
when George Burley told me well bill
you're from the Seattle office
possession of burglary tools in the
state of Washington can get you seven
years that jarred me into the reality
that we were engaging in lawless
law-enforcement and I became a critic of
that type of law enforcement in fact and
when I wrote an article on ramparts
after leaving the FBI exposing the
lawlessness and bugging and tapping and
wiretap and black bag jobs Hoover
stopped them ramparts Redux blowing the
CIA's cover the CIA was operating in the
60s a bunch of domestic organizations
such as the Asia Society the American
Federation of Teachers the Kaplan Fund
and various nonprofit organizations as
conduits for funds going to the focus of
their activity at that time which was
the Caribbean and the Castro regime and
ramparts blew the cover we had
informants inside the National Students
Association for example which informed
on us inform to us what was going on and
giving us enough information
that the whole operation could be
exposed well the CIA found out about it
that we knew about the NSA and they were
going to hold a press conference that
try to marginalize the whole thing a
limited hangout but what happened was
Warren Hinkle the genius editor of
ramparts got the idea of taking out
full-page ads in the New York Times and
The Washington Post laying out the whole
story so we predict pretty preempted the
CIA and all their covers and just felt
like it row of dominoes they were mad
and they turned inward despite their
Charter limiting them to overseas
service operations they turned inward
and launched operation chaos my CIA file
shows operation chaos and then saw black
so I don't know what they did to me but
there was an operation disruption and
carding the Freedom of Information Act
documents attempts to close down
ramparts by getting at our finances and
shutting off our lifeblood of newsstand
sales the FBI propaganda machine
Catherine Kelly was the wife of Machine
Gun Kelly back in 1933 Machine Gun Kelly
kidnapped Charles Urschel an oilman in
Oklahoma City and took her shell around
the country and finally the FBI found
him when they found about a plane flying
overhead of a ranch and it was one of
the FBI's great stories the FBI also
prosecuted his wife Katherine Kelly who
denied being responsible for anything
and Hoover called her the genius behind
the crime the strong silent woman I mean
this guy was a sexist from the word go
who without whom Kelly could do nothing
the problem was there was an FBI
laboratory report that said Katherine
Kelly did not write the ransom notes and
that was the only evidence they had
against her was an accusation that she
wrote the rent ransom notes so the FBI
for 25 years denied the existence when I
was in the Oklahoma City office a senior
agent came up to me and gave me the lab
report with an accompanying note that
when a federal judge ordered her
released until the FBI produced her file
the FBI was not going to produce her
file because it might embarrass the
bureau so she was in a legal limbo for
all those years the farewell America
plot Elaine mentioned to go and in fact
this farewell America was a book
produced by French intelligence with the
authorization of the GAO in an attempt
in an attempt to influence the Bobby
Kennedy campaign the book was published
in Europe
they were attempting it at an American
edition published and alleged that there
was a vast conspiracy of the
military-industrial complex to kill John
F Kennedy and the whole operation and
the whole project was aimed at
influencing Bobby Kennedy's election
well as soon as Bobby Kennedy was
assassinated French intelligence folded
its tent but not without getting to me a
copy of this approver film the famous
film which shows Kennedy being rocked
violently back in the seat cushion of
his limousine at Dealey Plaza and the
indication from that is that a shot came
from a frontal zone so the French wanted
to get that out I showed it at college
campuses around the country and instead
of being the proprietary property of
Life magazine
it became the domain of the American
people which deserved to see it in
motion picture form which the Warren
Commission never did
the garrison Commission I was an
investigator for Jim Garrison at the
same time I was writing for ramparts
from my FBI and experience I know he had
a very valid investigation and I helped
him as much as I could but the whole
dice were loaded against him the CIA had
an operation nightingale which was to
suppress any information that would
indicate that would indicate there was a
conspiracy in the John F Kennedy
assassination and also to beat down any
representation that garrison had a
legitimate case the FBI at the same time
was wiretapping and bugging him and
calling on its press assets to smear him
so garrison really pull it
and the public light never had a chance
and that's a reason that the until JFK
the movie came along with Oliver Stone
that the American people really thought
that he was some kind of a charlatan who
was prosecuting cash off for sexual
reasons which was totally untrue jim was
a very sensitive guy and he would not
have done anything like that the media
circus documents operation Nightingale
and the media assault on garrison to try
and destroy his investigation deadly
secrets a stealth war against Cuba at
the time that John Kennedy was
assassinated two things were going on
parallel tracks Bobby Kennedy was
conducting an operation called Mongoose
which was aimed at destabilizing Cuba
and conducting military commando
assaults on its shores destroying
military installations all with an eye
towards the eventual second invasion of
Cuba conducted by my informant Harry
Williams and his force from the
Dominican Republic and a man by the name
of Manuel Artie me from Nicaragua that
was all set to go in fact the
infiltration that started wouldn't John
Kennedy was killed the parallel track
was that John Kennedy was carrying on
secret negotiations through his trusted
aide bill Atwood to normalize relations
with Cuba and in fact they had gotten to
his point where when he when he was
killed before he left for Dallas he said
I want this finalized after a short trip
to Dallas well he never retained there
never returned from Dallas alive and
Lyndon Johnson has relayed by E Howard
hunt told Harry Williams I don't want a
thing to do with you goddamn Cubans so
he turned his sights towards V
and therein may lie the secret as
Gorbachev said as to the Kennedy's death
escape from the CIA this is a helicopter
escape from the Mexico City Jail in 1971
and the escapee was Joel Kaplan his
uncle had the Kaplan fund which was a
CIA conduit exposed as a CIA kind would
later on but Joel worked for the family
sugar interests around the Caribbean and
he was very sympathetic to the Cuban
Revolution because he saw the extreme
poverty under Batista the dictator and
what he was doing was using the family
for sugar facilities southwestern sugar
and molasses facility to steer arms and
ammunition consigned to the Bay of Pigs
contingent in Nicaragua to pro-castro
units in the Caribbean arming them
instead of the CIA's Bay of Pigs so he
was a naughty boy as the CIA described
him and they had a frame put him in
prison
the cadaver that was produced as his
business partner was the 20 years older
six feet as opposed to five foot two
blue eyes as opposed to brown but that
that was the way Mexico operated at the
behest of the CIA and so I knew about
the escape plans before they were
carried out there was a series of them
and finally the one was successful with
a smuggler named Vic's daughter flying a
helicopter into the prison yard and
lifting Joel Kaplan out to freedom so
waiting at the border when they arrived
were the inevitable bill Turner and
warning GLE
it was made into the movie called
breakout with Charles Bronson and Jill
Ireland and they bought the copyright to
the book which is the way things work in
Hollywood II the only problem was that
they tried the CIA put pressure on
Columbia Pictures and the CIA was
entirely deleted from the motion picture
what was a significant political film
turned out to be a potboiler adventure
that is what happens when the CIA flexes
its muscles so the one case I haven't
mentioned it's in the book and Elaine
brought it up is the Bobby Kennedy case
rfk is dead and proclaimed the newspaper
headline and this was just as bobby had
claimed victory in the California
primary in 1968 and was set to end the
Vietnam War once he became president he
was also set to reopen the investigation
of his brother's death by controlling
the Justice Department
I say untimely death because of the
exquisite timing of his assassination if
he had been assassinated earlier that
would have been useless to talk about
him ending the Vietnam War but after
Bobby Kennedy was killed the pundits
said well he would have gone on to
become president of the United States
that he would have gotten the nomination
the Democratic nomination from Hubert
Humphrey in Washington or in Chicago and
that he would have been gone on to beat
Richard Nixon in the primary and the
general election in November since he
was killed most of the 58,000 American
boys who were killed in Vietnam the
majority of them were killed one after
Nixon assumed power not to mention how
many Vietnamese kids were killed so at
first I said well this looks like an
open-and-shut case we have a guy caught
red-handed smoking gun he was able to
squeeze off eight shots that's all a
cylinder held he was overpowered before
he could reload he assaulted Kennedy
from the front that's it
the LAPD crime lab which we now know is
kind of corrupt
accounted for all the bullets all eight
bullets one was lost in the ceiling
interspace another was the other seven
in a matter of fact were all recovered
from the bodies of the various victims
Kennedy was the only one that was killed
and that ended it as far as the LAPD was
concerned they set up a special unit
senator to investigate the case and all
he did was cover it up it was run by two
LAPD detectives called special units
senator and those two LAPD detectives
had been on detached duty with the CIA
in South America then came the
arithmetic eight bullets all accounted
for but the problem was there were more
than eight bullets
here's corner and Iguchi of the LA
County he's pointed on one extra fence
booyah see who was representing Paul
Schrade the UAW Representative who was
shot in the pantry recovered one we
recovered one from a cop who had picked
it out of the stairs downrange from the
pantry so we were onto the idea that
there might have been more than one
shooter the count
came to ten or more
I'm reading here from a declaration
furnished by dr. Michael H L hacker who
did the Watergate tapes he's an
acoustical expert he's with the Stanford
Research Institute and we commissioned
him to do a study of the audio tapes so
this is his report during the week of
November 15 1982 and again during the
week of December 13 1982 I examined
three tape recordings which I was
informed were made by news reporters
covering the victory speech of Senator
Robert F Kennedy given at the Ambassador
Hotel on June 5th 1968 the recordings
were labeled with the names of the news
reporters West tape Andrew West mutual
Broadcasting Company Smith tape Howard K
Smith / Bill Lawrence American
Broadcasting Company
Brent tape Jeff Brent affiliation
unknown so dr. Hecker goes on to say on
the basis of auditory oscilloscope and
spectrographic analysis of these three
recordings it is my opinion to a
reasonable degree of scientific
certainty that no fewer than ten
gunshots are ascertainable following the
conclusion of the senators victory
speech until after the time Saran
Beshara Saran was disarmed so there we
have at least 10 shots the geometry that
was the arithmetic the geometry was this
Senator Kennedy was hit by three shots
from behind the fatal shot was one to
three inches upward coursing to the rear
of the head saran saran never got closer
than three feet at the front I think
you can see in this photo that I showed
you earlier
the newspaper photo this is a bowtie it
was on one of the secure armed security
guards who was right to the right rear
of Kennedy at the time that he was shot
and he obviously had grasped it away
from what he considered his attacker
so Vince bill Yossi made the comment the
time has come to look for the members of
the firing squad that night The
Manchurian Candidate Theory came up when
I noticed that an interview of Saran I
interviewed him in 1975 and San Quentin
prison and he told me that he remembered
nothing that night from the time that he
met a girl in a polkadot dress at a
silver coffee urn in the Ambassador
Hotel until he was overpowered in the
pantry which is self-serving a course
but also it put me on the trail of The
Manchurian Candidate theory at saurons
trial a dr. Bernard diamond of Berkeley
stated that he was able to hypnotize
Iran so easily that he even snap his
fingers and Saran would climb the bars
of his cell like a monkey but he
somewhat gratuitously said that Saran
was under hypnotic influence at the time
that the crime was committed but that
the hypnotic induction was caused by all
the lights and mirrors in the Ambassador
Hotel at night I talked to the
psychiatrist at San Quentin prison dr.
Simpson Callas and he said that he was
European trained and more alert to
hypnotic induction and he said that he
found that Saran was indeed susceptible
to hypnotic induction and he was trying
to find the locking mechanism that he
was was used like the Queen of Spades
the Queen of Hearts and The Manchurian
Candidate that kept him from identifying
his programmer so he said he was close
to unlocking saurons mind as to that
aspect when he was called off the case
by prison authorities who said he was
spending too much time with
one prisoner so he called diamonds
conclusion that it was self induced the
hypnotic blunder of the century so who
is a suspect for programming well the
CIA had a program during the 50s
experimentation called MKULTRA and mind
control and
this gentleman here dr. William Joseph
Brian jr. was part of it and in fact
even bragged about it but the important
thing to know about dr. Bryant is that
he was in civilian practice and one of
his most famous cases was the Boston
Strangler case DeSalvo was the name of
the strangler he's still in prison
and up here written while in a hypnotic
trance is saurons notebook
it says DeSalvo DeSalvo DeSalvo DeSalvo
it also said RFK must die before no
veteran before or a June 5th
so dr. Bryan after he died some ladies
of the night were kind enough to come
forth and tell us that he constantly
boasted about hypnotically inducing
saran and they thought that he induced
sarin he was a braggart and he needed to
blow off about his deeds as a
psychiatrist and a hypnotist he bragged
about the DeSalvo case and he bragged
about putting saran under and they
thought he meant after he was
apprehended but he was talking about
before so he's our prime suspect as the
programmer at the present time
sarens attorney Larry Teeter is has a
motion before the California Supreme
Court for an evidentiary hearing and the
hearing will consist of The Manchurian
Candidate theory so we can hope that the
Supreme Court does grant an evidentiary
hearing I think we know a lot more about
hypnotic induction today than we did 30
years ago and that it's real and it
happens and it happened in the Bobby
Kennedy case
so again thank you all for coming and I
appreciate your interest I hope you will
understand that what we're talking about
here is an intelligence mafia that
persists to this day
so as Publishers Weekly said about the
book while some of the events described
happened years ago they are just as
fresh and lively today thanks again
[Applause]
do we have some questions yes sir I
wanted to ask you a question about how
to have a Freedom of Information Act
performed and as there are three people
in Marin County that you might be able
to suggest I get in touch with who can
inform me if I'm being tracked or traced
if you're being tracked you want to get
documents under the Freedom of
Information Act yes I have to ask this
specific agency I asked you FBI worked
you know there are five or six different
agencies with all their security things
and I know that I made an initial
inquiry many years ago which indicated I
should indicate where every place that I
have lived and I am 62 years old and
I've had about 65 jobs in my life and I
can't remember all the place that I live
well though usually if you don't give
them the information they'll use as an
excuse for saying I can't identify this
person but the point is that I'm
emotionally involved in it myself and I
want to find somebody that can help me
do it you know is there anybody that can
do it for me well you get there are
attorneys that specialize that I don't
have any in my hip pocket as to which
specific ones but there are what are the
keywords for the attorney or the title
or the how do identify Freedom of
Information Act Freedom of Information
the arnis freedom yeah there are
attorneys that that's a specialty with
them they're mostly in Washington oh
that's where all the information is
obviously yes
I'm very good thank you for your service
sure yes sir are you aware of the
existence of a photograph of Lee Harvey
Oswald and LBJ's sister no I'm not can
you tell me about it privately okay fair
enough yes and some comments about what
happened at Wounded Knee I had read some
accounts that there had been a political
assassination program of members of the
American Indian Movement with the help
of the FBI working an intertribal
leveled at something like 30 or 40
members of the movement had been
murdered leading up to the Wounded Knee
incidents and also specifically anything
about Leonard Peltier well Leonard
Peltier deserves a new trial I think
there's a paucity of evidence that he
killed the two FBI agents I conducted
defense investigation for the American
Indian Movement at Wounded Knee right
after it happened
and worked the Custer cases as they call
it and as far as far as the present
situation however I'm not up to date on
it so I can't answer that yes sir
would you care to comment on the series
of revelations of FBI bungling in the
laboratory that have come to light in
the last couple of years in the
laboratory well not only the laboratory
bungling but this recent case of loss of
laptops and so on I mean it sounds to me
like they don't have very good
management systems well the Attorney
General is just hired at it cost us
seven hundred thousand dollars the
anderson company to straighten them out
and how to keep a computer inventory
so but that that's not the real problem
the real problem is we got to go back to
Ground Zero with the FBI and start over
because it got off to a bad start under
Hoover its insular self-protective it'll
cover up it's a subculture that is very
arrogant and we need an attitude a
little adjustment for one thing we
didn't need different recruiting and we
need more psychological testing of FBI
agents where they get in is there is
there different kind of oversight
required then what presently exists I
mean what can we do to really fix the
problem of mismanagement well years ago
when I was in the FBI and immediately
thereafter Hoover was so untouchable
because I mean if you attacked him you
were a communist and he also had a
tremendous public relations genius there
used to be a saying in Washington an
aphorism that when other agencies
blunder they make excuses and when the
FBI blunders it just makes another movie
and so he was untouchable he's
bulletproof there was no going after him
and and that continued and continued
until the blunders now are so severe and
so compacted that Congress finally has
to exert some oversight and I think they
need a commission to go back and start
over with the FBI
for example under Louis Freeh the FBI on
its own initiative took on
anti-terrorism overseas well that's a
CIA's jurisdiction and besides what what
would the FBI think if the Brits sent
over if the British Embassy in
Washington was bombed and the Brits sent
a hundred Scotland Yard detectives over
to take over from the FBI what would the
FBI a scream and yell well they're doing
the same thing to the Yemenis and the
Saudis and and the others and in the all
of those
cases were solved by the local
authorities not the FBI yes it seems to
me what you're talking about is creating
a new more effective FBI essentially a
new and more effective political police
in America a political police seems to
be a function in every democracy France
Britain and so forth they says
democracies don't seem to function
without them but they're not
particularly helpful for the citizens
isn't it in our interest to have an
incompetent hidebound useless FBI
shouldn't we be thanking Jaggu Hoover
for his his effective dismantling of the
political police in our country your
logic is impeccable
bill in your book you talked about that
the John F Kennedy assassination files
are closed for 75 years is there who did
that and is there any possibility in our
lifetime that those will be unsealed
well Lyndon Johnson ordered them sealed
for 75 years but that's been rescinded
those files are now available under
thanks to Oliver Stone and his JFK movie
there was a surge in public sentiment to
get those documents released in addition
all documents release it had any
relevancy to the JFK assassination so
that has been done there is a gold mine
piled high of documents now that need to
be correlated and sorted through and and
put into some perspective but I think
the answer is in those documents there's
no smoking gun but there's plenty that
can be stitched together to show it
or two this man here and then we'll go
to somebody way in the back yeah Darrell
attorney Judy berry case there is this
case coming before the FBI and hopefully
that might bring forth information about
what they did in the bombing of their
automobile the earth first activist yeah
Judy Barry was the activist and
environmental activist from North
Country and her car blew up in Oakland
and the FBI blame her for blowing up
herself
there's impeccable logic to
[Music]
well I worked with Mark Lane and Emil
deantonio on the film rush to judgment
and followed that case all the way
through for years and years and Mark
lanes criticism of Oliver Stone was that
he didn't identify the agency which he
felt was I think he proved it in his
book plausible denial was the the group
that killed the president was the
Central Intelligence Agency of the
United States and that was marks
criticism of Oliver Stone and here we
are systematically lied to about every
significant question of current
political and world affairs and of world
history and we are systematically imbued
with an upside-down world view and
errant methodology and you've given a
very eloquent exposition of the truth of
that and I think it's time that those of
us who've read the Declaration of
Independence take note of the section
where it says it is our right it is our
duty when the government becomes honors
and oppresses the people of the whole
world to the degree that it does to rise
up and get rid of it thank you
[Applause]
lady in back there who do you believe
assassinated John F Kennedy well I think
garrison was on the right track when his
investigation was aborted by the
acquittal of Clay Shaw but I think that
it came out of the alliance between the
Mafia and the CIA to knock off Castro
and when the motives piled up they
simply switched targets on the John
Kennedy Vietnam was an issue that lack
of air cover at the Bay of Pigs was an
issue the reproach mile with Cuba was an
issue they lacked the failure to invade
Cuba during the Missile Crisis was an
issue I say it said it was an issue with
the CIA and with the Cuban exile charges
of the CIA
[Applause]
this is definitely the way to spend a
Saturday night I would appreciate it if
you would buy rear view mirror and then
come up and have it signed and if you'd
like to have your name or someone's name
put in it ginger and I will help you
even I suppose we will excuse mrs.
Turner but everyone else no matter how
many years you have known him please let
us put your name in so that spelling is
right and so forth and for those of you
who are watching on book TV you can
order the book by calling 1-800
seven nine oh nine or at book passage
calm on the web
thank you William Turner for a great
book and a wonderful evening William
Turner was a special agent for the FBI
from 1951 to 1961 his new book is
rearview mirror looking back at the FBI
the CIA and other tales it's published
by Penn Marin books you can learn more
about the book on their website Penn
Marin calm
[Music]